Then let's see if you have the ability.
How can Jinglong have the breath of a beast?
How did you recover so quickly?
There is Qiongqi Neidan in hand
This injury is nothing
Qiongqi Neidan
Yesterday, there was a poor Neidan
It's true. It's natural.
It's a pity that some people are blind
Even Qiongqi Neidan can't recognize it
It's not too late to grab it now
What kind of strength are you?
Dare to show more death
I walk the spirit of war
You can't leave!
What will we do if you leave?
What to say
What not to say
You know better than anyone
Take the police mountain
You can't abandon us. Go
Police Mountain, you can't leave?
Zombie
No one can save you now
Tell me honestly
Otherwise, I will destroy the Zhang family today